README.md, before:

<h1  align="center">Can I Calorie?</h1>
 
<h2  align="center">Purpose of the Website/App:</h2>
 
<h3 align="center">To allow the user to workout their BMR and calculate their daily caloric balance.<p>
 
<h2 align="center">Technology used</h2>
 
<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="/src/assets/readme/angular.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">Angular</p>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="/src/assets/readme/sass.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">SASS</p>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="/src/assets/readme/material.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">Angular Material</p>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="/src/assets/readme/ngrx.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">NGRX</p>
</div>

<h2 align="center">How The Application Works</h2>

- The application uses Angular to render the user interface via its component based architecture and build in modules.
- SASS and Angular Material are used to style the component either using css properties or pre-built components.
- NgRx is used to manage the state of the application by sending data from various other dashboard components to the summary component.

<h2 align="center">What I Learnt</h2>

Work In Progress

<h2 align="center">What Was The Biggest Challenge</h2>

The biggest challenge I faced as using NgRx as it requires a good understanding of state managment to implement. You have to create a fair amount of boilerplate code to get it working however once you understand it, it becomes a very powerful asset. It can easily send state through your components without needing to use complex Input and Output methods. I reversed engineered the example shown in the documentation to suit my own data structure and personal requirements.

Commit message:

store refactored and app fully working

README.md, after:

<h1  align="center">Can I Calorie?</h1>
 
<h2  align="center">Purpose of the Website/App:</h2>
 
<h3 align="center">To allow the user to workout their BMR and calculate their daily caloric balance.<p>
 
<h2 align="center">Technology used</h2>
 
<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="/src/assets/readme/angular.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">Angular</p>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="/src/assets/readme/sass.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">SASS</p>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img align="center" src="/src/assets/readme/material.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">Angular Material</p>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="/src/assets/readme/ngrx.svg" alt="HTML" height="50"/>
  <p align="center">NGRX</p>
</div>

<h2 align="center">How The Application Works</h2>

- The application uses Angular to render the user interface via its component based architecture and build in modules.
- SASS and Angular Material are used to style the component either using css properties or pre-built components.
- NgRx is used to manage the state of the application by sending data from various other dashboard components to the summary component.

<h2 align="center">What I Learnt</h2>

- How to use Angular and its ecosystem of packages to create a single page application for the first time!
- How to use Angular Material to create form fields, cards, buttons and other HTML elements.
- How to pass data through the application with Inputs so I can dynamically render new components.
- How to use RxJS to manage variables in the form of observables that will register changes and alter the data.
- How to use NgRx to store the values from my components and pass them into a singular summary component.
- How to create animations using the built in module to render page elements gradually on initial page load.

<h2 align="center">What Was The Biggest Challenge</h2>

The biggest challenge I faced as using NgRx as it requires a good understanding of state managment to implement. You have to create a fair amount of boilerplate code to get it working however once you understand it, it becomes a very powerful asset. It can easily send state through your components without needing to use complex Input and Output methods. I reversed engineered the example shown in the documentation to suit my own data structure and personal requirements.
